----What does the model achieve?----
The model comparing the amount of cat play time (mins) vs 
amount of cat food consumed (g) measures the relationship 
between these two variables within the range of 5 - 75 mins 
of cat play.


----How should metrics be interpreted? ----
Slope (95% Confidence Interval): 0.4866 to 0.7437
We are 95% confident that the true slope falls within the 
range 0.4866 to 0.7437. 
95% confidence means that the formula used to derive the 
slope is correct 95% of the time.
The slope tells us that for every additional minute of 
exercise the cat does in a day, the cat will eat between 
0.4866 to 0.7437 additional grams of food.


R-squared: 0.9680 
According to this model 96.8% of variation in the amount of
cat food consumed is explained by the variation in the 
amount of cat play time (mins).

p-value: < 0.0001
The probability of incorrectly concluding that there is a
relationship between these two variables when infact there 
is no relationship is less than 0.01%.

----What are appropriate use cases?----
We can use the model to predict cat food consumption at a 
given amount of cat playtime.


----How is it implemented? ----
The linear regression was calculated using the GraphPad application.
This analysis used a least squares regression calculation which 
minimizes residuals from each individual data point.

----What are caveats/biases/concerns to its usage?----
There are certainly limitations to this study. There are only seven
data points, and we don't know if the data was collected from one 
individual cat or from multiple cats. Additionally, with only seven 
data points, we know not every cat breed is covered by this study. 

We also need to be careful to not extrapolate. The range of time played 
collected in the study was 5 - 75 mins. So, we will not use the model to
predict cat food consumption outside of that cat playtime interval.

----How to interpret this specific result and advising action/next steps----
We can use this model to help predict how much food to give to an 
excercising cat without giving the cat unlimited food.

Next steps: 
In order to better predict the amount of food a cat needs to eat, 
we should collect some data from other cat breeds, see if the findings 
hold true or if species should be a factor in the analysis. Additionally,
we can look for other possible factors that could contribute to how 
much food the cat eats. 

